Things still needed for my RPG framework

Major Systems:

    1. FIX BROKEN HOTBAR!!!
    2. Dialogue System
    3. Quest System
    4. XP and Leveling
    5. Merchants (Buying / Selling)


Small Additions & Fixes:

    1. Wands / Staves
    2. Wearable Armor (becomes major-ish if visible on character)
    3. Wearable Magic Items (rings, amulets); these work with the status effect system
    4. Working Settings/Options and Help/Info screens (major importance but should not be hard)
    5. Beds, sleeping, and down time mechanic


...anything more should be cut from systems.

Fixing the hotbar is essential.  Apparently I didn't break it recently, it was bugged all along.  Its good
as long as you aren't switching between one and two handed items; the problem was not obvious before adding
the bow because there were no two handed items. It seems the problem happens any time a two-handed item
attached to one hand is replaced by an item attached to the other hand; when this happens the hotbar slots
are not modified to match the item change. This desynchonization causes them to hold incorrect data. It
doesn't matter wether the hotbar is used to move the item or not. Switching back to the previous item deletes
it.  More over, it seems there are several problems with two handed items:

    1. Replacing a two handed item with an item attached to a different hand does not update hotbar data.

    2. Replacing an item with a two handed item attached a attached to the other hand it deletes
       the items isntead of properly unequipping it.  The hot bar for original item is not change but then
       points toward the equipt item (in secondary hand where the other item once was).

    3. If a two handed item is unequipped by clicking on / dragging from the hand it is not primarily attached
       to, the item is unequipped but its hotbar data possition does not change but it is instead marked as
       not filled (as it no longer points to where the item is) so that it is removed from the hot bar.

Thus is looks like there are two different core problems: (1) Items replaced by a two handed a two handed
item which is attached to the second hand instead are simply overwritten without being properly moved back
to the main inventory, resulteding in bug #2; and (2) Two handed items do not handle the hand they are
not directly attached to correctly, thus removing it base othe that hand does not update hotbar data resulting
in bugs #1 and #3.


Beyond that is creating an actual game, at least a demo or “vertical slice.”  For this I need to: Make items,
make properly done containers, make spells, write AI for specific actions / creatures / characters, build a
village, make villagers and other friendly NPCs, make monsters and enemies, furnish and add encounters to
Castle van Webb, design and build a second dungeon (yes, I want a second, bigger, one on the text village map).
Unfortunately, while the coding can get frustrating, these tasks are already seeming horribly tedious (and I’ve
barely started); this is where I start to question if I really want to do this.


(Not part of the main framework, probably, but need to save and load weather data.)
